---
published: false
---

Carmen C. Wong is a 2012 Mayor’s Arts Awards finalist for Outstanding Emerging Artist, who recently received a 2014 Artist Fellowship from the DCCAH. She got her start in interdisciplinary performance working with Dorky Park’s “Back to the Present” (2003) in Berlin. Her work in Europe and Scandinavia continued with a HIAP arts residency in Helsinki, Finland, and furthered by a TCG Global Connections award in 2011, to research and create culturally-relevant versions of her ongoing hybrid gastro-performance series, “Tactile Dinner”, which has spurred a Food-in-Performance workshop developed in northern Sweden. “Into the Dollhouse” (2012), Wong’s devised performance collage (on performing gender and memories) was developed by the Flashpoint Mead Theatre Lab program, then selected by ArenaStage for its inaugural Kogod Cradle series. She is presently collaboratively adapting this piece for India, and for her native Singapore.

Niell DuVal handcrafts all of banished?’s props, set and installation pieces largely with found and scavenged materials. This commitment to using ugly/beautiful objects that would otherwise end up in a landfill has helped develop banished?’s polished-edgy aesthetic. Niell has been a full time props artisan at the Arena Stage in Washington DC since 2001. His meticulously crafted pieces have been commissioned over the years by institutions such as The Kennedy Center, The National Opera, The Shakespeare Theatre, National Geographic, and the National Gallery. A selection of his work was featured in the exhibit “Theatrical Artisans: Props and Crafts from DC Theatre” at the Montpelier Cultural Arts Center. Before his move to DC, Niell co-founded a handcrafted boomerang company in his hometown of Fayetteville, Arkansas. Niell is also known to make cameo appearances in any given banished? production.

Otis Ramsey-Zöe is an Associate Artistic Director and Company Philosopher at banished? productions, Lecturer of Theatre Arts at Howard University, Series Editor for NoPassport Press’s Dreaming the Americas Series, and freelance dramaturg. He has developed new works with such organizations as The Sundance Institute, Kennedy Center, Theatre J, Arena Stage and CENTERSTAGE and by such writers as Tim Acito, Colman Domingo, Kirsten Greenidge, Noah Haidle, Jacqueline E. Lawton and Tarell McCraney. Previously, he was Future Classics Program Coordinator at The Classical Theatre of Harlem, Literary Manager and First LookCoordinator at CENTERSTAGE and an Allen Lee Hughes Senior Fellow at Arena Stage.

Ronee Penoi (producer, director, composer, other) is thrilled to be Associate Artistic Director at banished?. When she’s not collaborating on exciting banished? projects, Ronee is a touring producer- her newly formed business Theatre from the District (www.theatrefromthedistrict.com) is committed to advancing the work of Washington DC’s generative artists and bringing that work on tour. Ronee most recently was the National New Play Network Producer-in-Residence at Woolly Mammoth Theatre Company, where her focus was on presenting work inside new play theatres. Previously, she was a Senior New Play Producing Fellow at the American Voices New Play Institute at Arena Stage, Assistant Stage Manager for Anna Deavere Smith’s national tour of Let Me Down Easy, Directing Fellow at Arena Stage, and has held many other hats as well. BA, Princeton University.


Rachel Hynes is a theatre devisor and performance artist of unique perspective. Her work walks the fine line between the sacred and the profane, often bouncing between site-specific, ritual-based performances and the dark world of cabaret. Rachel has been a founding member of experimental theatre groups Helsinki Syndrome, HKPG (High Kindergarten Performance Group) and currently, Collective Eleven. She has recently performed in Natsu Onada Power's The T Party at Forum Theatre, and her performance work has been presented in the Supernova Performance Art Festival, On the Boards Northwest New Works Festival, Ontological-Hysteric's Incubator, Camden People's Theatre's Sprint Festival, and Philadelphia International Festival of Performing Arts with Penn Dixie Productions.

Levia Lew is currently a principal at Reveal, an architectural lighting firm in New York City. Previously, she was the resident Gallery Lighting Designer for the Smithsonian National Museum of the American Indian, Lighting Assistant at Shakespeare Theatre and Lighting Fellow at Arena Stage. Past theatrics include lighting for banished?’s “Into the Dollhouse”, the original “Tactile Dinner”, Roxi in 3-D with Elvis (Baltimore Theatre Project) and associate light- ing design for Siguiriya (LaMama ETC, NY).
<script type="text/javascript">
adroll_adv_id = "Z6UPWBZOH5HXXDG4TJBZFV";
adroll_pix_id = "QWQWCPCI3RBBLE7C5R6HZE";
(function () {
var oldonload = window.onload;
window.onload = function(){
  __adroll_loaded=true;
  var scr = document.createElement("script");
  var host = (("https:" == document.location.protocol) ? "https://s.adroll.com" : "http://a.adroll.com");
  scr.setAttribute('async', 'true');
  scr.type = "text/javascript";
  scr.src = host + "/j/roundtrip.js";
  ((document.getElementsByTagName('head') || [null])[0] ||
document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0].parentNode).appendChild(scr);
  if(oldonload){oldonload()}};
}());
</script>